hey I got back from G Fest and I cleaned
my Godzilla room and put my stuff away I
just had a little bit of damage wasn't
anything I couldn't handle but I thought
I'd show you what I what I scored during
the time as far as I did in the
competition and some of the kits I
picked up I got some Famous Monsters of
Filmland magazines about six of them and
as far as ribbons I got two participants
for third places six second places and
four first places get in the first place
doesn't mean you went up win a prize
this one here got a first place but it
didn't win a prize I guess it came
pretty close to getting the People's
Choice but there was another one it was
a little bitter this one got a second
place which is great I was surprised I
rode in and I knew angrist baby got
second places um this diagram here got
best diorama and so I want a prize for
that and the prize that one is this
Murakami Kong 67 Kong which is the same
style as that guy so I'm thinking about
putting this together and sculpting the
sea serpent that he fights in the movie
and maybe try to make one of those
little hover crafts from the movie this
this guy here this got best standalone
figure now this one I had to one of the
guys broke off he's right there in front
of his foot I found him and I never got
him put back on at the competition but a
lot of tentacles one of the tentacles
broke off when I brought it and
and two of them broke off bringing it
home I tried to be careful but that's
the way it goes
anyway some of the fun things I got like
this this Marmot Megalon I helped with a
a model demonstration and so I built
this during the demonstration I went to
take it back to the give it to the to
Matt at kaiju modeler who donated it and
he said I could keep it so I'm going to
paint it and bring it back and show it
maybe next year I also for one of my
other prizes I got the same model as I
have here so G tempus 54 I got another
one and so that was nice enough to let
me trade it and then pay him a little
extra money for this how Barragan if any
of you guys know me you know I like
Barragan look at this hunk of body here
it's kind of a cool skull because he's
turned and kind of looking up you've got
one claw up I thought maybe I could have
him looking up it Godzilla or something
also I bought this kit I don't do a lot
of dinosaur kits but this is going to be
a t-rex fighting velociraptors and look
at this bass it's got a pair of cephalus
says dead laying there I'll be fun to
paint
I won't get all over last Raptors out
but I just wanted to show you
and speaking of Barragan again I got
this image King Frankenstein versus
Barragan and what I'm going to do is I
got some demos gargantuous I think I'm
going to put them on the same diagram I
think they're the same scale again
speaking of Eragon
look at this baby this is a huge
paradise Eragon I mean a lot of vinyl
here see it I can see part of his face
there he's going to be really cute I'm
going to be putting him on the floor
over there next to next to my big bed
Zillah yeah
and I also got this and I bought this
earlier but I was waiting for GFS from
my friend John to deliver it to me but
this is a shame folks Godzilla concept
and looks like it's going to be really
cool sort of a a remake of one that had
this I think the sculpt and the molds
got took damage in a fire and so I mean
I've been showing you here is just tale
and you know part of the head
this thing could be like 2 feet long or
so that'll be a lot of fun to make - and
anyway that is my stuff that I got a G
fest and I'm pretty excited about it
alright thanks for looking bye
here are some new shirts I got this one
I picked up right before G fest off eBay
and it's the classic Godzilla 54 poster
which is really cool I really like this
picture so I saw that I thought I'd get
it it's kind of my tradition to get a
new t-shirt before I go to G fest I like
to read what's her wear the same ones
over and over again and I picked this
one up at G fest this is from a comic
book cover that Matt Frank did and I
bought it at his table
very cool artwork looks a lot better on
the comic book and it does how it was
printed here but I love the I love this
picture it's really cool and I saw this
and I thought it was kind of cool so as
I love kaiju and it doesn't have any
particular kaiju on it but I just
thought I was cool one thing I like
about this this shirt is it also has the
official Godzilla merchandise has these
on it and it has these on the sleeve of
matheran Godzilla cos that Sue's on the
picture but pull sure huh
yay
you